WINC-1102: Update WICD, node-proxy enhancements (#1464)
openshift/enhancements: enhancements/windows-containers/health-management.md

  + Container runtime
  + Metrics collector/exporter
* Generate events to inform cluster administrators when Node health issues are not resolvable by WMCO.

> * Ensure the WICD watched environment variable configurations are set as expected on the Windows instances.

Reviewer: You are introducing a goal without any context. This needs to be state more generically. Something to the effect of:
```suggestion
* Ensure environment variables defined by WMCO are set as expected on the Windows instances.
```

Add a couple of lines about this under motivation also.

  based on its definition in the services ConfigMap.
* WICD will also maintain current responsibilities of starting kubelet as a service through the `bootstrap` command. 
  WICD will fully configure kubelet in one shot, as everything required will be available in the services ConfigMap.
* Using the configuration provided by a ConfigMap created by WMCO, WICD maintains the state of Windows Services and 

>   the watched environment variables on the instance.

Reviewer: You are introducing the concept of watched environment variables without defining what it is anywhere.

}
```

The `environmentVars` key defines the desired configurations for environment variables on Windows instances.

> Whenever there is a modification to these configurations, the WICD controller is triggered to reconcile the changes and

Reviewer: I thought this happens by polling and not on immediate modification.

ensure that the updated values are propagated to the Windows instances.
```json
 {
  "name": "name of the environment variable",
  "value": "value the variable should be set to on the instance"
}
```

The `watchedEnvironmentVars` key comprises a list of specific environment variables monitored by WICD.
Should any of these watched environment variables be absent from the current environment variable configuration,
WICD proactively removes them from the instance, thereby ensuring the environment variables adhere to the configmap
specifications.
```json
{
  "name": "name of the environment variable"
}

> ```

Reviewer 2: Did you consider a property in  `environmentVars` , i.e. `watched: true`  to keep track of the environment variables that need monitoring instead of proposing a separated list (`watchedEnvironmentVars`)?

Author: @jrvaldes this is an already implemented schema now. 
The reason for keeping it a separate field is to enable WMCO to maintain a fixed env variable definition that WICD can use to compare and correct the env variables.  EnvironmentVars key contents will change as the proxy resource changes but watcheEnvironmentVars list will remain constant.

Reviewer 2: I follow. Thanks for the explanation.

### BYOH Node de-configuration: WICD responsibilities

When the WICD cleanup command is executed by WMCO, the following operations will be executed: 
* All services listed in the ConfigMap will be stopped and removed.

> * All watched environment variables listed in the ConfigMap will be removed.

Reviewer: Only if they are set
